hello and welcome to topid cast today we
are going to be witnessing persistence
playing as the commander KN here who
have been quite persistent actually in
resisting the efforts of the tyranids on
calderas desert these tyranids are going
to be led by elor
Alpha played by robocar
always find it fitting that
robocar is a cap and he plays the
tyranids both very numerous species in
their respective worlds and
galaxies it's a good job carps don't
reproduce like tyranids could you
imagine they' take over
everything they'd be
unstoppable now it would be a lovely
engagement for the commander knob were
it not for the presence of that lior
Alpha what a pain in the ass flips him
over turn him against little flesh bers
Pew peing in oh Point Blank stun there
well that's actually quite good cuz it's
two Shooters to focus the lior only one
range unit to focus the Commando
knob so that worked out all right
but this is a bit dubious if the
Sluggers can get some specials here
they'll do well yeah they stopped
capping soon
enough I think the cover was helping
them them a bit not all the hmer getting
into melee really the hmmer should have
tag teamed these boys here yeah the hmas
are scared oh that's really bad
shouldn't have done
that get power up ter rotating
over you can see the speed difference
here between the arc boys and the turers
look how speed they are the little
[__] speed six versus the five speed for
pretty much all orc units to be honest
though they do get that speed buff well
they're getting a speed buff right now
cuz they got their melee charge but in
general they get speed Buff when they W
but this is a bad fight for the the
Sluggers they do not want this no no no
no no they are getting shredded by those
harmers hmmer very good DPS not very
good health but good DPS and speed and
there's another H room Retreat let could
be the end of the
Sluggers nope they're leaping into
combat screws them
shouldn't have right clicked when he did
he should have waited till he was within
range and then attacked the Sluggers so
that they didn't do their leap and that
would have been a wipe that would have
been quite a nice little grab to be
honest
because Sluggers scale amazingly into
tier 2 against the tyranides they're a
bit questionable in tier one like
default Sluggers will beat default
harmers 1 V one certainly if they use W
but they will in general
however they bleed quite a lot they're
very fragile and because you're slower
than the harmers the harmers are 6.5
versus your five if you have to retreat
out of a Mele fight it's going to go
quite badly for you and you risk getting
wiped whereas the hmas retreating out
will never get wiped by Sluggers cuz the
Sluggers aren't fast enough to keep
up and now we've got raveners hybrid
jump
units as it says down here short range
on their ranged weapons but very
powerful burst damage they are
themselves speed six I believe or 6.5 I
can't remember one or the other they're
faster than average again and so it
means they can kite quite effectively
meley units when they borrow in they
will also do disruption knocking things
flying which is really good because it
only affects enemy units not Allied
units so if your homers are in a big
melee braw you can burrow in with your
raveners knock over the enemies and then
go into melee with those enemies whilst
they're on the floor with your homers
and your raveners and it'll be a lot of
damage
this is probably what you should do here
he should probably have took that fight
it should be easy with your four gauns
there both the hommers get on one of the
shooters and as soon as the stor boys
engage you focus fire the storm boys
with the termers then you borrow the
raveners on top of the storm boys and
then the raveners and both hant gobble
up the stor boys quite easily cuz
they're isolated only being one lone
melee
Squad now he's going to take the fight
he's got the lior around but there's
also a Commando knob leading with a
pretty good stun bomb there going to
stun all the raveners that's quite
valuable storo really shouldn't be going
in right now though they've got 16 horag
charging in and elix are upgraded with
the toxin something or other toxic no
not toxic MMA that's the armor what the
hell is that weapon
called oh I forgot the name of the
weapon it's not a crippling Talon that's
a raver
Alpha is it a toxin toxic toxin
miasma might be the toxic miasma and
then he has toxic cysts as an ability
from his armor honestly forever I am I
I've always found it a problem to
remember the tyranid War gear names they
all just sound so
similar and a lot of them are very rare
feel like it is a toxin
miasma anyway no need to retreat there
well let me check their eny
you know yeah they had plenty of energy
they could have just borrowed over here
and disengaged and then they would have
kept their field
presence which would have been quite
valuable but
anyway they
Retreat spark now it is the toxin miasma
it kind of sounds weird doesn't it toxin
miasma is a weapon it it sounds like an
effect or an ability not a weapon you
think it was toxic
miasma I don't know
whatever it's a weapon War gear for The
Elixir and it's very strong very high
basic melee damage to a single Target
and additional damage over time I think
it also reduces the damage of the model
affected does it lower their speed
too yeah reduces their speed and damage
by 25% for 5 seconds and Deals 4.5
piercing damage every seconds for three
seconds so the debuff is actually longer
than the the damage which I didn't
realize it's a debuff of 5 Seconds and a
damage over time of 3 seconds the damage
over time is only pacing but when Orcs
are all like infantry pacings basically
full damage to them so yeah it's a lot
65 melee
DPS that makes it on par with most power
melee
weapons which do 50 DPS plus
30% which ends up being you know similar
to 65
on that
gear but then of course it's got the
damage over time so it's actually way
more
deadly against infantry than basically
any of those 50 DPS power melee weapons
are even against heavy infantry pretty
scary stuff but the lior's a squishy boy
and the blob Of Orcs here really just
scares Robo cap off he doesn't want it
he's running around the map trying his
best to
cap certainly did need to retreat those
homers instantly and he did he'll lose
maybe a couple of models but not too big
of a deal
really yeah he's all right he's all
right he'll loses
one and attempt to disengage here but
it's not going to work we do have a
shooting KN who can detect the lior so
the lior needs to retreat Roc cap is
tier two persistance is going tier
two but generally you'd say that H that
has to favor the tyranids cuz tyranid
sorry has to favor the Orcs I'm thinking
too fast here has to favor the orc
over the tyranides because tyranides
don't really get anything from their
tier 2 whereas the Orcs do you know at
least in terms of vehicle armor what's
the biggest threat right now the tyranis
can get out a tyrant guard yes the
shooters which have had a lot of
investment to be fair free war gears
purchase on these guys they won't do
anything to a tant guard But ultimately
the tant guard should be quite slow
especially because Robo up he's playing
the lior alpha AKA a non synapse leader
he's not a hi t
and he has no Warriors so he's got no
synapse units and that means you will
have no boosted speed for your Tyrant
guard bit of a questionable capillary
Tower I hope it's going to call in some
rippers cuz these shooters have had a
lot of investment and could deal you
could deal with them quite easily using
some Rippers and they probably should
but questionable because he didn't have
any support around here the shooters had
they just turned around would just shoot
this thing down and destroy it and they
might very well do it from this side now
wonderful then you've just
given XP and red to your opponent and
lost red yourself and let's face it Orcs
have a lot more use for red than the
tyranids
so strange it is going to be a death
dread coming out first for robocar and
the Venom barud over here have just been
purchased and got their range
synaps so they're buffing the damage of
the tant and the raveners who are still
in their default hybrid form but all the
F Dre has to do is going to melee with
the ven BR and of course you've got stor
Boys around to jump on top of the Venom
brood as well and then it will shut down
the rang a and your death dread should
be
chilling you can see that's why the
Tyran is there all just Retreat
out now you could very much dissuade the
death dread from going into melee like
that if you had some heavy melee around
if you had some adrenal gland Warrior
brood if you had a tyrant guard either
of those would be good options you do
have an option in
the I forgot the name of the W here as
well but the Red lior Alpha One
corrosive
something the tier 2 lior alpha one that
gives him the ability to poison targets
that he hits uh similar to
this but it will actually make them take
more damage this time it will reduce
their damage resistance and that will
actually apply to
Vehicles make them take more damage than
you can chop it up with things like the
stormboy knob who does heavy melee hence
the hammer indicator on top and it looks
like right there elor ala committing a
little bit too hard getting taken out by
all the orc melee death dread no slaping
melee certainly if he can proc a few
specials he'll really hurt but rubber
Cap's kind of just stalling and delaying
I mean he is losing gens but he did push
the death dread off right without losing
his full farm and he's going to
immediately replace them because he's
going T three and he knows that if he
gets into T three
he can spam a few can effects but he's
going to
need the power to do so stick bombs toss
out in Retreat good stick bombs there
from persistance actually called in a
Commando stab him Squad so these are
unique to the Commando knob to get in
tier two any of the the archeros can get
them in tier three if they upgrade an
ordinary Commander
Squad but yeah they've got we've got
stabby stabby um
Choppers to slice and dice the enemy
with so a lot of melee pressure right
now you've got the Slugger Boys you've
got stams and you've got storm boys I
believe stams are only normal melee
damage I don't think they're power melee
like the storm boy Choppers but still
it's a lot of
damage a lot of melee potential here
when they get tier three they'll be able
to get their Commando knob leader who is
similar to the storm boy knob in that he
does heavy
melee hide the boy is used as well by
persistance here on the Storm boys he's
trying to get in
tight to something I'm not sure what
really because the raveners will always
be near the Venom brood anyway thanks to
the range synapse buffing them but of
course then the Venom brood will just
detect the infiltrators so it's a bit
dubious Yeah the more obvious assault of
just jumping on them with your storm
boys makes a lot of sense in this
instance but RoboCop is delaying look at
this I mean he's taking the natural VP
here with termagant he's got horag
running down the sidelines it is all
just a stalling effort now let's check
how much power he's got yeah he's only
got 137 so it is important that he still
defends his power Farm because yes he
might soon have the resources to get air
effects but really he wants to have a
nice backup and continue a stream of
income so that you could get potentially
multiple can
effects you remember you always want two
as soon as possible if you can go for
the Venom Cannon to counter any enemy
tanks then you can go for the farm back
as well and that combination is really
strong cuz the farm back dominates
everyone in melee but is really
vulnerable to tanks due to it being
slower than a tank but then you get the
Venom Cannon and that can protect your
farm back from enemy
tanks course robocap might just be
saving up for a swarm Lord if we look at
the VPS on the top here there's a lot of
game play time for both players I've got
the hiccups
[Music]
now nope he's just going to go for the
CarX I mean I guess he's feeling a
little bit pressured right now he has
lost his gen Farm once again death dread
is still on the field rampaging about
and the VPS are ticking down quite quick
for robocap so yeah 150 power investment
into that can effect and this is part of
the problem now he's only down to 30 in
the in the stock pile behind and he's
lost his gen so probably should replace
one of those gen ASAP that's said he's
going to need a fair bit of requisition
as well just to upgrade his can effect
effects if it's your first carix I'd say
80% of the time no maybe 70% of the time
you want to go form
back now if you're heading Tech then I'd
increase that to
90% And he's marginally aead in Tech I
mean I don't I think persistance is
going to have another unit queued up
behind this but let's have a look no
okay so that's that's good for robocar
he is definitely ahead it's going to be
a while till a tank can come
out tank would be an amazing counter to
any melee can effects like the default
one or the F back
one but then a knob Squad would be a
good counter to any ranged kind effects
and actually would do quite well in a 1
V one certainly against the default car
effects against the form back it be a
bit tricky I think the knobs would win
in a straight up fight if it had to be a
fight to the death but the problem is
the canif effect just turns around and
charges away and then it bleeds a couple
of your arms and it does a load of
damage and it charges away and that's
why you've got to have the L tank to
pursue it when it does
that generally but he is TI three with a
Commando knob so he could actually just
get a rocket launcher on the Commando
knob and that would be a huge threat to
the carnifix instead so you don't need a
looted
tank there they've got their Commando
knob now with his big
hammer he's B
Hammer another heavy melee option there
so you got a couple now for the Orcs
well actually you got three if you
include the death
drad but here comes the fight formb back
C effect has been purchased as expected
and it's a good choice no further
upgrades for the lior if we do see knobs
coming out so what we could see now is
we could see a looted tactic out of the
car effect effects and then robocap gets
another can effects this time with a
Venom
Cannon and that will deter the looted
tank but then there could be a obob
squad from persistence the knob Squad
counters the Venom Cannon can effects
and then the tank of persistence can
counter the formb back can effects on
rooc cap robocap could counterplay this
by picking up the menacing visar T fre
accessory War gear which on a quite a
lar coold down allows the lior to walk
up point blank to someone and force them
into a retreat is this going to be the
death of the Sluggers coming very close
right now oh beautiful flesh up to skill
the kill there you go grabbed
him you know but yeah menacing Visage
absolutely amazing counter to something
like an OB Squad why is he not capping
the point here robot
cap wow he's got loads of units and he's
got he's got his lior hanging around
he's got his full health canif effect he
really should be on the point right now
just put a turant on it or
something just overwhelm these dudes in
melee it should be pretty easy for you
with the can effects canif effect right
now missing around not actually in
combat took ages to get involved in the
combat but going straight after the knob
here for the
Commandos do see that rocket launcher on
the Commando knob and that is why the
licka has leapt into combat and he's
focusing down that Commando knob looking
like a pretty bad situation for the Orcs
right now bleeding quite a
bit well no Commandos did they get a
backlash no they
didn't this is going
badly uh raveners do just manage to
borrow out do they oh they're not being
micro okay can he get the kill on the
raveners Stagger Jump's going to say
no
nah the pistols on the Orcs are really
quite Dreadful not a good
fight and probably doesn't want to take
this fight could probably beat the lior
one-onone oh this is bad the canix has
going say might just grab that storm by
knob but they do manage to jump away
good play there from persistence but
he's lost some units in that one I'm not
sure when he lost both the
shooters I feel like he'd already been
down one but I'm not
sure chop chop chop chop chop nearly
kills the homers wow yeah you can't
underestimate the damage of the storm
boers but they need to turn around again
unfortunately Slugger is not really
doing anything there slugger's being the
pist on the Orcs they call them
Sluggers still it's going to be
expensive for robocap to reinforce that
probably doesn't need to reinforce them
fully and he he really probably
shouldn't he should just use them
capping with maybe four models at most
three or four models will be sufficient
so they don't die instantly if they're
stared at by I don't
know well actually there's no range DPS
now that I look at the roster you've got
stab hims death dread storm boys
thuggers and then a rocket launcher
Commando so yeah [__] it run these guys
at free models you'll be fine
probably so he got a rocket shot off
there on the canif effect I was just
about to say but this would be brutal
brutal if he gets hooked in right now on
the canif effect and the lior both
contribute wow look at the damage holy
[__] if there was a stalk used there by
the lior that would probably be a dead
Commando knob I think persistance needs
to sort of regroup and come back at this
it's going to go for an OB Squad but man
this is so so easily countered by
menacing Visage and robocap already has
it wow so all robocap needs to do right
now is hug his carif effects with the
lior and if he does that anytime the
knob Squad come in and try and smash the
CIF effects one-on-one which they will
do although it'll take a long time canif
effect can safely disengage by Saving
his charge and charging away which will
knock all the knobs over but anytime the
knobs go to bang he can just make them
retreat with menacing Visage
yeah persistence actually going for a l
tank here which honestly is probably a
better first choice I would be getting
the knob Squad to counter a Barb
Strangler can effects what they called a
strangle th Cannon an Uber bar Strangler
or a Venom Cannon and that is likely
what will happen he'll see the looted
tank with rooc cap and he'll realize he
needs a Venom Cannon can
effects but the Venom Cannon could be
maybe tied up by the death dread and
then you can advance the looted tank and
the the rocket knob and you could focus
down the Venom cannon at least when the
Venom Cannon canif effect is dead there
isn't really a good counter to the
looted tank and that can then deal with
the canif effect it take a long time for
looted tank to take down a canif effect
looted tank more of an anti-infantry
kind of tank but it's still a tank it's
still faster than the carix still does
anti- all damage so it will eventually
kill
it but here comes the second car effect
effects
I think rooc Cap's kind of chilling
playing it really safe here he knows
he's massively ahead in VPS at this
point and really it is up to persistance
to get on these VPS a little bit strange
that rubber cap has nothing defending
this point has he literally just been
capping with a one model hom got Squad
wow that's honestly
impressive you know there's a fine line
between bravery and stupidity and I
don't always know where it gets crossed
I forgot there's a Venom brood in here
as well so they can Zone the tank even
if the Venom Cannon canif effect that
I'm assuming is coming out gets tied up
by something like a death dread the
Venom can still be hanging around and
can actually probably shoot down the
death dread Elixir gets caught out there
caught out by the storb stunning it and
then the death dread getting involved oh
big big special attack there from the
death dread very nice probably wants to
focus on the Venom brood wow vener near
killing the loot tank looted tank micro
being messed up a little bit there vener
are going to pursue but seems to be a
recovery there from persistence just
managed to get out of there what's he
doing he walked the Venom can canix
right past it oh my God it could have
easily shot that looted tank to death
but persistence has forgot about the
looted tank I don't know if they can see
one another they have to be able to see
one another stop moving the canif they
can't fire on the move but it's got
really long range he needs to stop
moving it just stand still my dude and
shoot thank you finally oh my God he's
shooting he shot the death dread just
shoot the tank bro
what is he doing he's shooting Commandos
right now my guy
please kill the tank what are you doing
just stop chasing shoot he's leaving it
too long oh my God he's trying to flank
with the carnifix just shoot thank you
finally good God look at the range he
could have killed that thing so long ago
that was actually a brutal fight for
persistance lost quite a lot in the
middle there lost his Commander knob all
the way down at the bot
here going for another L tank if the VPS
were inverted I say persistance has a
chance with his Commandos and stuff
capping it faster and all that he's got
the mobility storm boys but there's a
lot of VPS here for robocap to survive
off of and honestly I think he's going
to do it since he's got the double carif
effect players just going to send them
both back to base and heal I think he's
forgot about his homers they need to go
out and start capping but they can't
really fight anything right now not sure
what the rers are doing here menacing
vage he has menacing vage but I think
he's retre he's not retreating is he
what's he
doing wow finally uses it jeez that was
really late I'm guessing he was hoping
he wouldn't have to
but you do we could have done that a
long time ago
though guess just forgetting the Y it
not a lot of games go to tier three to
be honest so players often are very
unfamiliar with tier three War gear and
compositions and all that just because
naturally you spend the least amount of
play time playing in tier three cuz
games don't go to tier three that
often God what percentage of play time
in Don War Two have I spent in tier
three probably less than 10%
honestly has to be less than 10%
R Splash damage power of the looted tank
shown off quite well there against those
turas they did not enjoy
that really good Splash damage on loot
tank robocap got it bobbing like crazy
right
now I feel like
he he should probably be splitting up
his units a bit more they're looking so
vulnerable to a rocks right now
and persistance is very close to the
amount of red he needs for that he
repurchases the commander which is a
really good choice cuz he does have that
rocket just has to be careful about
flesh hooks but if he uses his
infiltration he should be able to avoid
flesh hooks you know fairly
easily another Venom brood cuz robocap
lost his prior one at some point
probing shots here from the Commando
knob probably wants to focus down the
Venom Cannon car effect effects it's
squishier doesn't have the same HP regen
nor Max HP of the farm back but that was
a [__] up front resistance forgot about
his buddy Commando and he literally
walked right next to the carif effect
and got detected and now his tank is
getting chopped up by the carif effect
in melee and needs to keep microing it
oh wow he just let it get caught by the
farm back that's not very good play
I'm ashamed and he's very low on VPS
yeah he's lost all of his his main
assets he can't deal with these double
car effects ah he had the tools for it
he could have chipped away I think maybe
with a beanie looter as well to do some
good DPS to the to the farm back as it
comes into melee and obviously he needed
to not mess up his micro there and his
looted tank losing a looted tank to
melee can effects is quite inexcusable
really that has to be your priority even
if you're not very good at rever in
vehicles you should still have ample
time to get away from a melee can
effects for God's
sake but there you go dual cans win the
day classic combo this is kind of the
the nid one two you know I go on about
onews a lot with each of the factions
where you get one vehicle and one
infantry unit in tier three and it's
really hard for your opponent to counter
if they don't have their own one too
well for tyranid you don't have that
tier three infantry Squad you just get
more can effects but different
forms so there you go pretty pretty good
game I think for a sloppy Saturdays
there some nice back and forth and I
liked the preemptive menacing Visage
that would have hard C counted any knobs
which themselves would have hard counted
the Venom Cannon so it's a nice little
Tech that the lior alpha gets in the
late game that kind of makes his cx12
even stronger than the others well I
guess it depends on who you're fighting
but yeah knobs being off the table for
the Orcs is very very powerful so good
stuff thanks for tuning in folks that's
going to be off you Bo top this time I
am signing out
[Music]
n